Add supported python version to gcp integration (#5614)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/guides/gcp-functions/index.mdx

 sentry-sdk>=0.17.1
```

> <Alert level="info" title="Note">
> 
> GcpIntegration currently supports only Python 3.7 runtime environment.
> 
> </Alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>

The GCP integration currently supports only the Python `3.7` runtime environment. If you try to run it with a newer version (such as `3.9`), an error message will be displayed (with debug mode on). 

</Note>
```
